wwwroot\AssignmentFiles\12_944e.PNG
wwwroot\AssignmentFiles\32221-8-3d-image_c1c3.png
wwwroot\AssignmentFiles\Ans-Midterm_IS_54c5.pdf
wwwroot\AssignmentFiles\FinalDocumentation-1_34d5.pdf
wwwroot\AssignmentFiles\FinalDocumentation-1_b643.pdf
wwwroot\AssignmentFiles\Homework 1_cd91.pdf
wwwroot\AssignmentFiles\Homework 1_d4d0.pdf
wwwroot\AssignmentFiles\Homework 1_e474.pdf
wwwroot\AssignmentFiles\Operation Research Ch.1_f62c.pdf
wwwroot\AssignmentFiles\Screenshot (19)_30af.png
wwwroot\AssignmentFiles\محاضرات_3d52.pdf
wwwroot\css\animate.css
wwwroot\css\bootstrap.min (1).css
wwwroot\css\bootstrap.min (10).css
wwwroot\css\bootstrap.min (11).css
wwwroot\css\bootstrap.min (12).css
wwwroot\css\bootstrap.min (13).css
wwwroot\css\bootstrap.min (14).css
wwwroot\css\bootstrap.min (15).css
wwwroot\css\bootstrap.min (16).css
wwwroot\css\bootstrap.min (17).css
wwwroot\css\bootstrap.min (18).css
wwwroot\css\bootstrap.min (19).css
wwwroot\css\bootstrap.min (2).css
wwwroot\css\bootstrap.min (20).css
wwwroot\css\bootstrap.min (21).css
wwwroot\css\bootstrap.min (22).css
wwwroot\css\bootstrap.min (23).css
wwwroot\css\bootstrap.min (24).css
wwwroot\css\bootstrap.min (25).css
wwwroot\css\bootstrap.min (26).css
wwwroot\css\bootstrap.min (3).css
wwwroot\css\bootstrap.min (4).css
wwwroot\css\bootstrap.min (5).css
wwwroot\css\bootstrap.min (6).css
wwwroot\css\bootstrap.min (7).css
wwwroot\css\bootstrap.min (8).css
wwwroot\css\bootstrap.min (9).css
wwwroot\css\bootstrap.min.css
wwwroot\css\font-awesome.min.css
wwwroot\css\main-1.css
wwwroot\css\site.css
wwwroot\css\style.css
wwwroot\favicon.ico
wwwroot\files\exam-schedule.pdf
wwwroot\files\lecture-schedule.pdf
wwwroot\images\avatar-male.jpg
wwwroot\images\Congratulations, Class of 2025!.png
wwwroot\images\illustration-1.webp
wwwroot\images\img-01.png
wwwroot\images\logo.png
wwwroot\images\logo1.png
wwwroot\images\Tasking-Production.png
wwwroot\images\Tasking.png
wwwroot\js\bootbox.js\bootbox.min.js
wwwroot\js\bootstrap.min.js
wwwroot\js\jquery-3.2.1.min.js
wwwroot\js\main.js
wwwroot\js\popper.js
wwwroot\js\select2.min.js
wwwroot\js\site.js
wwwroot\js\tilt.jquery.min.js
wwwroot\lectures\Ans-Midterm_IS_7f95.pdf
wwwroot\lectures\chap1-3_e6ea.pdf
wwwroot\lectures\E-Commerce System – UI Presentation_4fad.pdf
wwwroot\lectures\exam-schedule_910b.pdf
wwwroot\lectures\FinalDocumentation-1_499b.pdf
wwwroot\lectures\IS-Lec1_30b8.pdf
wwwroot\lectures\Operation Research Ch.3_b3a1.pdf
wwwroot\lectures\SQL_cfcf.txt
wwwroot\lectures\Youssef Mohamed-Backend (.NET)_b805.pdf
wwwroot\lectures\محاضرات_c9dc.pdf
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.min.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.min.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.min.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.min.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.min.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.min.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\LICENSE
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation-unobtrusive\jquery.validate.unobtrusive.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation-unobtrusive\jquery.validate.unobtrusive.min.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation-unobtrusive\LICENSE.txt
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\dist\additional-methods.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\dist\additional-methods.min.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\dist\jquery.validate.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\dist\jquery.validate.min.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\LICENSE.md
wwwroot\lib\jquery\dist\jquery.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery\dist\jquery.min.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery\dist\jquery.min.map
wwwroot\lib\jquery\LICENSE.txt
wwwroot\StaticHTML\MailTemplate.html
